README.md, before:

Name of my app is The Draftboard!

The link to the live app: https://dry-castle-28963.herokuapp.com/

API:

https://gyazo.com/9a63ffd6898f6a351eca0d5fedf9cebf
<img src="https://i.gyazo.com/9a63ffd6898f6a351eca0d5fedf9cebf.png">

You can register your own writer account.
If not, you can use the dummy account - Username: TestUser01 | Password: TestUser01

https://gyazo.com/6898e713e1a722f41c9804dc67ddaac9
<img src="https://i.gyazo.com/6898e713e1a722f41c9804dc67ddaac9.png">

A short introduction. As you can see there's several features going on here. Basically, this app is design to break down the writer's thinking blocks. In order to do that, I am bring in psychological aspects in this. Such as Word Triggers, Color Psychology, Visual Cues, and Pictures. They are help to stimulate your subconscious promote some kind of underlying connections that you haven't seen before.

https://gyazo.com/bc1933e6f044510a8f5f0c9d6bbdf5b4
<img src="https://i.gyazo.com/bc1933e6f044510a8f5f0c9d6bbdf5b4.png">

You get to write your own storyplot by create chapters to make it as a whole. You will see the whole chapters in the ending. It is also a place where you can do all changes or delete accord to your wishes.

https://gyazo.com/80c398a28d252584ace8bf8b715549f2
<img src="https://i.gyazo.com/80c398a28d252584ace8bf8b715549f2.png">

In the ending, you can see your whole storyplot here. Plus, you can see some interesting information regarding the psychological stuff. As I hope this app would help the writer to see what he/she ended up with the whole works.

Stuff that I used to create this App:
-HTML
-CSS
-JavaScript
-Node.js
-React
-Mongodb
-mLab
-npm

Commit message:

update the site with accessiblity A11y

README.md, after:

Name of my app is The Draftboard!

The link to the live app: https://dry-castle-28963.herokuapp.com/

Summary: The idea is to present a platform for any writers who have a struggle with the infamous writer's writing blocks. The platform design is to provide various stimulating actions to the writer's subconscious to assist any actions that spur an idea. It may be emotion-related, word-related, visual cues related, or whatever that trigger the thought. 

API:

https://gyazo.com/9a63ffd6898f6a351eca0d5fedf9cebf
<img src="https://i.gyazo.com/9a63ffd6898f6a351eca0d5fedf9cebf.png">

You can register your own writer account.
If not, you can use the dummy account - Username: TestUser01 | Password: TestUser01

https://gyazo.com/6898e713e1a722f41c9804dc67ddaac9
<img src="https://i.gyazo.com/6898e713e1a722f41c9804dc67ddaac9.png">

A short introduction. As you can see there's several features going on here. Basically, this app is design to break down the writer's thinking blocks. In order to do that, I am bring in psychological aspects in this. Such as Word Triggers, Color Psychology, Visual Cues, and Pictures. They are help to stimulate your subconscious promote some kind of underlying connections that you haven't seen before.

https://gyazo.com/bc1933e6f044510a8f5f0c9d6bbdf5b4
<img src="https://i.gyazo.com/bc1933e6f044510a8f5f0c9d6bbdf5b4.png">

You get to write your own storyplot by create chapters to make it as a whole. You will see the whole chapters in the ending. It is also a place where you can do all changes or delete accord to your wishes.

https://gyazo.com/80c398a28d252584ace8bf8b715549f2
<img src="https://i.gyazo.com/80c398a28d252584ace8bf8b715549f2.png">

In the ending, you can see your whole storyplot here. Plus, you can see some interesting information regarding the psychological stuff. As I hope this app would help the writer to see what he/she ended up with the whole works.

Stuff that I used to create this App:
-HTML
-CSS
-JavaScript
-Node.js
-React
-Mongodb
-mLab
-npm
